## Spring 2023 Assessment

### I was the sole developer on this project along with having an advisor who has an expertise in economics. I did apply and build upon the skills that I identified in the initial assessment. I interviewed and received feedback from people for the project. I took a non-traditional approach for the project because I participated in one of the largest Web3/Blockchain hackathons to keep me accountable to work on the project. I learnt new Web3 based technologies such as Solidity which is a programming language and also to use Circle and Truflation APIs to connect the data. I faced a lot of obstacles especially related to lack of resources and mentorship since Blockchain is still a new field.
### After the hackathon ended, I was invited to New York because we were a standout project from all the 378 ideas they received. We were one of the first-place winners of $25,000 and were featured in the news (https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/web3athon--the-largest-multi-chain-people-first-crypto-hackathon--announces-32-winners-and-15-standouts-301656982.html). UC also featured an article on the same: (https://www.uc.edu/news/articles/2022/11/uc-team-wins-first-place-in-international-hackathon.html).
### At the senior design expo, my project won 2nd place for the Best Poster category. I will continue to build this project out even after I graduate since I have received so much validation and this has the potential to be a real game-changer and help people.

## Fall 2022 Assessment

### 	I have been interested in Blockchain and Cryptocurrency since I started learning more about it last year. Since then, I took an Honors economics course on the business side of Cryptocurrency and Blockchain. I started working part-time for the same professor this year and have had the opportunity to visit the Coindesk Consensus Conference in Austin in June where I was exposed to the latest Blockchain technology. Me and my professor came up with an idea of real time cash/salary streaming to employees, which would also be inflation-adjusted. This would be done using Blockchain Technology.
### As I mentioned before, I took an Honors economics course (ECON 3076). This was the most important course related to the senior design project I am working on. I am looking to take 1-2 CS courses on Blockchain in my senior year while working on this project. I know UC is launching a Blockchain certificate soon. I have been working with Prof. Michael Jones on this project as part of the new Crypto-Economics Institute in the new Digital Futures Building.
### Most of my technical skills for this position are self-taught. But at one of my previous coops, they were interested in learning more about Blockchain and Crypto. So, I hosted two lunch-and-learns for which I had to learn more skills to demo some code. I learned how to develop a smart contract using MetaMask and data feeds from Chainlink (Decentralized oracle networks) to show the price of Ethereum in USD. Blockchain Development usually takes place in a language called Solidity.
### I am really excited to participate and lead this project because if successful, this is a very viable business idea moving forward. There has been a lot of research done on why paying people more frequently can benefit their financial health. I am planning to develop this using Circle USDC and their API platform. I am already in contact with their team. We have also received validation of this idea by discussing with some high-profile people and companied in Cincinnati and beyond.
### My preliminary approach to designing a solution to designing a solution for this project is to get feedback from people in this field. I have been in contact with relevant people and companies to understand the process. I have also been doing a lot of research on how this can benefit people in the US for now. My expected results and accomplishments will include a working MVP of the product where people can get their wages every day and that would be inflation adjusted. The inflation adjustment would come from Circle Yield. I will self-evaluate my contributions by being in contact with my faculty advisor and making sure we develop a timeline on accomplishing this project. We are also planning to participate in hackathons so that we can be dedicated to furthering this project. I will know I have done a good job when this idea has the potential to being developed further potentially resulting in actual IP for the University.

